in the 18th year of king jeroboam the
in the 18th year of king jeroboam the son of nebat Abijah became king over
son of nebat Abijah became king over
son of nebat Abijah became king over Judah he reigned three years in
Judah he reigned three years in
Judah he reigned three years in Jerusalem his mother's name was may
Jerusalem his mother's name was may
Jerusalem his mother's name was may occur the granddaughter of a bishop and
occur the granddaughter of a bishop and
occur the granddaughter of a bishop and he walked in all the sins of his father
he walked in all the sins of his father
he walked in all the sins of his father which he had done before him his heart
which he had done before him his heart
which he had done before him his heart was not loyal to the Lord his God as was
was not loyal to the Lord his God as was
was not loyal to the Lord his God as was the heart of his father David
the heart of his father David
the heart of his father David nevertheless for David's sake the Lord
nevertheless for David's sake the Lord
nevertheless for David's sake the Lord his God gave him a lamp in Jerusalem by
his God gave him a lamp in Jerusalem by
his God gave him a lamp in Jerusalem by setting up his son after him and by
setting up his son after him and by
setting up his son after him and by establishing Jerusalem because David did
establishing Jerusalem because David did
establishing Jerusalem because David did what was right in the eyes of the Lord
what was right in the eyes of the Lord
what was right in the eyes of the Lord and had not turned aside from anything
and had not turned aside from anything
and had not turned aside from anything that he commanded him all the days of
that he commanded him all the days of
that he commanded him all the days of his life except in the matter of Uriah
his life except in the matter of Uriah
his life except in the matter of Uriah the Hittite and there was war between
the Hittite and there was war between
the Hittite and there was war between Rehoboam and Jeroboam all the days of
Rehoboam and Jeroboam all the days of
Rehoboam and Jeroboam all the days of his life now the rest of the acts of a
his life now the rest of the acts of a
his life now the rest of the acts of a by Djem and all that he did are they not
by Djem and all that he did are they not
by Djem and all that he did are they not written in the book of the chronicles of
written in the book of the chronicles of
written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of judah and there was war
the kings of judah and there was war
the kings of judah and there was war between Abijah and Jeroboam so a by Djem
between Abijah and Jeroboam so a by Djem
between Abijah and Jeroboam so a by Djem rested with his father's and they buried
rested with his father's and they buried
rested with his father's and they buried him in the City of David
him in the City of David
him in the City of David then ASA his son reigned in his place in
then ASA his son reigned in his place in
then ASA his son reigned in his place in the 20th year of Jeroboam king of Israel
the 20th year of Jeroboam king of Israel
the 20th year of Jeroboam king of Israel ASA became king over Judah and he
ASA became king over Judah and he
ASA became king over Judah and he reigned 41 years in Jerusalem
reigned 41 years in Jerusalem
reigned 41 years in Jerusalem his grandmother's name was mayor the
his grandmother's name was mayor the
his grandmother's name was mayor the granddaughter of a Michelin ASA did what
granddaughter of a Michelin ASA did what
granddaughter of a Michelin ASA did what was right in the eyes of the Lord as did
was right in the eyes of the Lord as did
was right in the eyes of the Lord as did his father David and he banished the
his father David and he banished the
his father David and he banished the perverted persons from the land and
perverted persons from the land and
perverted persons from the land and removed all the idols that his fathers
removed all the idols that his fathers
removed all the idols that his fathers had made also he removed may occur
had made also he removed may occur
had made also he removed may occur his grandmother from being Queen Mother
his grandmother from being Queen Mother
his grandmother from being Queen Mother because she had made an obscene image of
because she had made an obscene image of
because she had made an obscene image of a Shira and ASA cut down her obscene
a Shira and ASA cut down her obscene
a Shira and ASA cut down her obscene image and burned it by the brook Kedron
image and burned it by the brook Kedron
image and burned it by the brook Kedron of the high places were not removed
of the high places were not removed
of the high places were not removed nevertheless ASUS heart was loyal to the
nevertheless ASUS heart was loyal to the
nevertheless ASUS heart was loyal to the Lord all his days he also brought into
Lord all his days he also brought into
Lord all his days he also brought into the house of the Lord the things which
the house of the Lord the things which
the house of the Lord the things which his father had dedicated and the things
his father had dedicated and the things
his father had dedicated and the things which he himself had dedicated silver
which he himself had dedicated silver
which he himself had dedicated silver and gold and utensils
now there was war between ASA and Bair
now there was war between ASA and Bair sure king of Israel all their days and
sure king of Israel all their days and
sure king of Israel all their days and bear sure king of Israel came up against
bear sure king of Israel came up against
bear sure king of Israel came up against Judah and built Raymer
Judah and built Raymer
Judah and built Raymer that he might let none go out or come in
that he might let none go out or come in
that he might let none go out or come in to ASA king of Judah then ASA took all
to ASA king of Judah then ASA took all
to ASA king of Judah then ASA took all the silver and gold that was left in the
the silver and gold that was left in the
the silver and gold that was left in the Treasuries of the house of the Lord and
Treasuries of the house of the Lord and
Treasuries of the house of the Lord and the Treasuries of the king's house and
the Treasuries of the king's house and
the Treasuries of the king's house and delivered them into the hand of his
delivered them into the hand of his
delivered them into the hand of his servants and King ASA sent them to
servants and King ASA sent them to
servants and King ASA sent them to ben-hadad the son of tab ribbon the son
ben-hadad the son of tab ribbon the son
ben-hadad the son of tab ribbon the son of he's yarn king of Syria who dwelt in
of he's yarn king of Syria who dwelt in
of he's yarn king of Syria who dwelt in Damascus saying let there be a treaty
Damascus saying let there be a treaty
Damascus saying let there be a treaty between you and me as there was between
between you and me as there was between
between you and me as there was between my father and your father see I have
my father and your father see I have
my father and your father see I have sent you a present of silver and gold
sent you a present of silver and gold
sent you a present of silver and gold come and break your treaty with baya
come and break your treaty with baya
come and break your treaty with baya Shah king of Israel so that he will
Shah king of Israel so that he will
Shah king of Israel so that he will withdraw from me so ben-hadad
withdraw from me so ben-hadad
withdraw from me so ben-hadad he did King ASA and sent the captains of
he did King ASA and sent the captains of
he did King ASA and sent the captains of his armies against the cities of Israel
his armies against the cities of Israel
his armies against the cities of Israel he attacked I jus da able birth may
he attacked I jus da able birth may
he attacked I jus da able birth may occur and all kynareth were all the land
occur and all kynareth were all the land
occur and all kynareth were all the land of Naphtali
of Naphtali
of Naphtali now it happened when Benny sure heard it
now it happened when Benny sure heard it
now it happened when Benny sure heard it that he stopped building Rhema and
that he stopped building Rhema and
that he stopped building Rhema and remained in tears ur
remained in tears ur
remained in tears ur then King ASA made a proclamation
then King ASA made a proclamation
then King ASA made a proclamation throughout all Judah none was exempted
throughout all Judah none was exempted
throughout all Judah none was exempted and they took away the stones and timber
and they took away the stones and timber
and they took away the stones and timber of Rama which bear sure had used for
of Rama which bear sure had used for
of Rama which bear sure had used for building and with them king asa built
building and with them king asa built
building and with them king asa built kiba of Benjamin and Misbah the rest of
kiba of Benjamin and Misbah the rest of
kiba of Benjamin and Misbah the rest of all the acts of ASA all his might all
all the acts of ASA all his might all
all the acts of ASA all his might all that he did and the cities which he
that he did and the cities which he
that he did and the cities which he built are they not written in the book
built are they not written in the book
built are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah
of the chronicles of the kings of Judah
of the chronicles of the kings of Judah but in the time of his old age he was
but in the time of his old age he was
but in the time of his old age he was diseased in his feet
diseased in his feet
diseased in his feet so ASA rested with his father's and was
so ASA rested with his father's and was
so ASA rested with his father's and was buried with his father's in the City of
buried with his father's in the City of
buried with his father's in the City of David his father then Jehoshaphat his
David his father then Jehoshaphat his
David his father then Jehoshaphat his son reigned in his place
son reigned in his place
son reigned in his place now nadir the son of Jeroboam became
now nadir the son of Jeroboam became
now nadir the son of Jeroboam became king over Israel in the second year of
king over Israel in the second year of
king over Israel in the second year of ASA king of Judah and he reigned over
ASA king of Judah and he reigned over
ASA king of Judah and he reigned over Israel two years and he did evil in the
Israel two years and he did evil in the
Israel two years and he did evil in the sight of the Lord and walked in the way
sight of the Lord and walked in the way
sight of the Lord and walked in the way of his father and in his sin by which he
of his father and in his sin by which he
of his father and in his sin by which he had made Israel sin then bare sure the
had made Israel sin then bare sure the
had made Israel sin then bare sure the son of a Hydra of the house of Asaka
son of a Hydra of the house of Asaka
son of a Hydra of the house of Asaka conspired against him and bare sure
conspired against him and bare sure
conspired against him and bare sure killed him at gibbous on which belonged
killed him at gibbous on which belonged
killed him at gibbous on which belonged to the Philistines while Nader and all
to the Philistines while Nader and all
to the Philistines while Nader and all Israel laid siege to givethem bear Shack
Israel laid siege to givethem bear Shack
Israel laid siege to givethem bear Shack killed him in the third year of ASA king
killed him in the third year of ASA king
killed him in the third year of ASA king of Judah and reigned in his place
of Judah and reigned in his place
of Judah and reigned in his place and it was so when he became king that
and it was so when he became king that
and it was so when he became king that he killed all the house of Jeroboam he
he killed all the house of Jeroboam he
he killed all the house of Jeroboam he did not leave to Jeroboam anyone that
did not leave to Jeroboam anyone that
did not leave to Jeroboam anyone that breathed until he had destroyed him
breathed until he had destroyed him
breathed until he had destroyed him according to the word of the Lord which
according to the word of the Lord which
according to the word of the Lord which he had spoken by his servant a high Jew
he had spoken by his servant a high Jew
he had spoken by his servant a high Jew the Shiloh night because of the sins of
the Shiloh night because of the sins of
the Shiloh night because of the sins of Jeroboam which he had sinned and by
Jeroboam which he had sinned and by
Jeroboam which he had sinned and by which he had made Israel sin because of
which he had made Israel sin because of
which he had made Israel sin because of his provocation with which he had
his provocation with which he had
his provocation with which he had provoked the Lord God of Israel to anger
provoked the Lord God of Israel to anger
provoked the Lord God of Israel to anger now the rest of the acts of nade ab and
now the rest of the acts of nade ab and
now the rest of the acts of nade ab and all that he did are they not written in
all that he did are they not written in
all that he did are they not written in the book of The Chronicles of the kings
the book of The Chronicles of the kings
the book of The Chronicles of the kings of Israel and there was war between ASA
of Israel and there was war between ASA
of Israel and there was war between ASA and bear shut king of Israel all their
and bear shut king of Israel all their
and bear shut king of Israel all their days in the third year of a circle of
days in the third year of a circle of
days in the third year of a circle of Judah bear sure the son of a Hydra
Judah bear sure the son of a Hydra
Judah bear sure the son of a Hydra became king over all Israel in tearsa
became king over all Israel in tearsa
became king over all Israel in tearsa and reigned 24 years he did evil in the
and reigned 24 years he did evil in the
and reigned 24 years he did evil in the sight of the Lord and walked in the way
sight of the Lord and walked in the way
sight of the Lord and walked in the way of Jeroboam and in his sin by which he
of Jeroboam and in his sin by which he
of Jeroboam and in his sin by which he had made Israel sin
had made Israel sin
had made Israel sin [Music]